hey I was gonna Rob this is the enemy
man so a few days ago there was an
interview done by the legendary creator
of Evangelion under Hideaki who was
talking about something that as a fellow
anime fan myself was a little bit
distressing for more other better words
mainly because a big veteran such as
under Hideaki in the anime industry was
discussing concerns about how there
might be or is currently a decline in
anime in Japan as a whole he said a few
things including anime has lost its
spark and that there is a looming
potential loss of human resources and
production of anime in Japan in general
and that as a veteran of the anime
industry he foresees that anime only has
about roughly 5 years left to live in
Japan before it completely and utterly
disappears 5 freaking years it seems
like a long time for some of you but to
the rest of us it seems just a very very
short future away however he has said
that once anime has diminished from
Japan and it will give rise to something
new and he is confident that other
countries mainly Asian countries such as
China Korea Vietnam etc will continue to
develop the anime industry now that's a
big claim to make no matter who you are
whether you are under Hideaki or
miyazaki hayao actually which I actually
discussed similar topics about in a
video you can either click this
annotation all the link is in
description below but no matter who you
are like saying that anime will
disappear in five years time that's a
pretty big claim to make no matter who
you are and naturally a lot of people
have had really mixed reviews about are
no hierarchies statement on this matter
especially since like I said the
legendary miyazaki hayao was also
expressing similar opinions about how
the kind of spark is lost and that anime
recently has become really recycled and
bland and you know in some respect I
kind of do agree with honor and Miyazaki
on this matter because I can definitely
see that recent anime especially
especially in the past year or two there
are just a lot of series that seem
really recycled really
to generic and mediocre and it may look
good from an outside perspective with
its flashing animations and it's
nice-looking odd but story wise and
character wise it's become really bland
really generic it's just something that
you look at it was like I've kind of
seen this before but haven't at the same
time it's new to look at but it's not
new in my mind because I know I've seen
something like this before
now do I agree about what under Hideaki
says about how yes Japan's anime
industry will die in five years time I
actually do not agree with that mainly
because the anime industry is just too
big of an industry even outside of Japan
to suddenly die in five years time yes
you're the anime series created nowadays
you know maybe recycled
maybe Blair but within the kind of bland
mediocre layer underneath there are some
really marvelous creations that have
been created within today's anime
industry and considering how the anime
industry and the auto culture has just
spawned all over the world especially in
recent years and it really has become
globalized in even Western cultures it's
really going to be difficult to kind of
kill off this only recently globalized
culture of anime manga or taku culture
in general so sure it may kind of not be
as popular in Japan maybe but completely
dying in five years time I still don't
see that because even if even if say it
will die in five years time as I know
Hideki said in Japan it will continue to
live on in Western cultures in other
Asian countries anywhere around the
world where people will appreciate the
anime and manga industry but then again
I do also agree on a no-hitter key
statement about the fact that human
resources and funding may kind of help
or may kind of assist in the anime
industry's decline in Japan especially
actually made a video about how anime
industry workers in Japan are really
getting subject to slave labor you can
either click this annotation or the link
is in description below again and so I
guess I can't agree on what under Hideki
said about how
or it may kind of die in Japan because
of that fact of matter but it will
continue to live on in other countries
especially Asian countries where they
can afford such human resources and
funding to create something that is
anime but is a little bit of a twist
it's not quite traditional anime that
Japan has kind of started it will be
this kind of deviation a rise of
something new from other countries that
have just used the traditional anime and
the traditional anime industry ways to
create something that really pays homage
to Japan's anime industry what do you
think about this guys do you think any
man is going to die in five years time
do you think the enemy industry is going
to die at all in Japan and if you do
tell me why if you don't think that also
tell me why I like to know all that kind
of stuff in the comments below it is
nice for watching guys as always like
faking your scarf on your nico thanks me
or whatever i may keep watching at me